[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are joined by Victoria
Whitney, a Doctor of Science
and a retired member of the
United States Navy, Department
of Defense.
She has worked as an
environmental engineer
and scientist in special
programs and projects
and is an expert in the
extraterrestrial and crash site
investigations.
Today we're discussing
the Arcturians.
Victoria, welcome.
>>VICTORIA WHITNEY:
Thank you, Emery.
>>EMERY: Can you describe
the Arcturians solar system
and the different stages of the
development of their planets?
>>WHITNEY: Sure.
We have to describe how
they got there first.
They are a species that
migrated to that system,
so they have a lot of
different lineages.
And as they began to
settle in and learn
about their new environment
because they are spacefaring
beings, they
determined that they
needed to go as far as they
could go to other systems.
Like Pleiadians and Orions,
they have a very spiritual way
of looking at things.
Now, people have said, oh,
you can't trust Arcturians.
It's just like
any other species.
You have those that are
good and those that are bad.
And so for the most part, what
I've met of the Arcturians,
they happen to be
very spiritual.
They are very dedicated
to the work that they do.
They seem to be willing to
work with us and to teach us.
And that's what we
really need when
we get into that environment.
They have a very
developed system
like most of the other
Pleiadians, Orions.
They have more of
a communal system
rather than a familial system.
They definitely
share everything that
happens within their community.
Their support system
is that no one being
is left to their own devices.
They don't have
emotions, though.
They pretty much
stay away from that.
They're, again, like most of
them, because they're spiritual,
they have a centered
awareness, very heart-centric.
They do have fabulous memories,
the photographic memory,
so to speak.
They recall details to us that
even though we took pictures,
we didn't remember
those details.
And yet they can just really
recall them in great detail.
And so I thought
that was fascinating.
Out of all of them,
I'm sure that's
part of what they contribute
to the science group,
is the ability to
recall so many details.
For the most part,
they're very tall beings,
just like most of them they're
somewhere in that 9 to 10
foot range.
They're very slender,
although not as slender
as the Orions are.
Their arms and legs seem
to be more in proportion
with their height.
They're very dark blue color.
Some of them have crystals
embedded in their skulls,
depending on which
group they belong to.
We had Koh Ni Dah.
He was in our group.
He gave himself an Earth
name called Cat Stevens.
When I asked him why, and he
said, have you heard that music?
So based on whatever he saw
on that and liked in it,
he thought that was a good
name for him Of all of them,
he had a sense of humor.
He understood sense of humor.
Some of them were still
learning what that meant.
He was very friendly,
very soft spoken.
Of course, they're telepathic.
So when he's in the
group, you don't
hear any verbal conversation.
He's just communicating
with them telepathically.
He's done that with me.
But he also likes to be verbal.
He's fascinated with the sounds
that come out of our mouths.
So I thought that
was interesting
that he would choose to be
more verbal of the group.
And--
>>EMERY: Is their
voices soft or harsh?
>>WHITNEY: He has
a very soft voice.
I never heard any
change in tone that
would be considered
a more negative tone.
I always heard
more of a positive,
a lilting tone out of him,
very soft spoken, though.
You have to really
pay attention.
Because their hearing is so
acute, everything they do
tends to be in a quieter mode.
The difference when they move--
when we walk, our arms go in
gait with the rest of our body.
His arms tended to go
together with his body,
so I'm not sure if
that has something
to do with their shoulder
structure or not.
They have very thin
shoulders, so maybe they
don't have a ball
socket like we have.
I'm not sure.
I never saw him lift
his hands over his head,
so I can't say that
that's what's happening.
But it seems to be that
everything he articulated
in front of him is done--
they have very large
hands, very long fingers.
And it seemed to be
articulated that way, more so
than movement of the arms.
They take very long strides.
I had a hard time
keeping up, so I
have to take two strides
for every one of his.
And he seemed to be the
most social of the group.
And he tells me that that
has to do with the lineage
that he comes from.
They're more social.
So I didn't know if that's--
>>EMERY: Lineages do different
jobs, like specific lineage
that for some reason this
lineage loves to be medical.
This one likes to be security.
>>WHITNEY: So they do
believe in a lot of healing.
That's their forte, is
the ability to heal.
And he says his lineage
is great healers.
So I'm sure that
probably has something
to do with it, although they
have a lot of technology
that they are into.
You can ask 100 questions, and
you'll never know the real them.
I tried to get to the bottom
of their social structures
because I think that's
important to build on.
They don't have a concept
of brothers and sisters,
that type of thing.
I asked him about reproduction.
And he just smiled at me.
So I'm not going to
get an answer there.
But I believe that they
probably use a pod system
based on some other references
that he made along the way.
He does talk about having to
have his body renewed just
like the rest of them.
So the cellular
structure breaks down
based on the
gravity and our sun.
He did not like our sun.
He said it was too harsh.
So that means that
where they come from,
their sun is not that harsh.
Probably of all of
them, he was more
touching than the rest of them.
Most of them pretty much
would not touch another.
But occasionally,
if he wanted to make
a point to me or something,
he would touch me on the arm.
And that was unusual
for them to do that.
So I never felt
threatened by them.
I always felt very
comfortable with them.
He had a lot to contribute.
And he would always
say, well, you know.
[LAUGHS] I said, no, that's
why you're telling me.
I don't know.
But he would try to
contribute to whatever
it was they were working
on so that I would
have an understanding of it.
We talked a lot of
science because,
of course, that's their forte.
And if I didn't understand
something, which I'm not
going to understand a lot
of their technologies,
then he would take
the time to try
to give me enough information
that I could understand.
So--
>>EMERY: Why was he
so much different
than the other Arcturians
that you worked with?
Because he seemed a
lot more open with you.
>>WHITNEY: He says because
they're an older race
and that they've been around
other beings a lot longer
and that they've adapted to
that, which I found interesting
because most of them say
we're millions of years old.
So how much older is that?
I did notice that he was
quicker at making adaptations
than the rest of them.
So I don't know if that's
because his understanding
of what was going on
allowed him to adapt faster.
He seemed to be on that scale of
being able to accomplish things
at a much faster rate.
We've had many discussions
on perception and energy.
It's fascinating to see how he
looks at it because they all
have the same theory that
everything is energy.
But he will expound on
what that really means.
He'll say to me, you
don't understand,
it isn't just energy.
It's more than energy.
And then he'll go into
talking about the intelligence
of the energy.
And I thought that was
really fascinating that he
was willing to share that.
>>EMERY: What makes their
society one of the most advanced
races out there?
>>WHITNEY: Well, I think
it has to do with age.
I think--
>>EMERY: Because they've
been around the longest.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, they've
been around longer.
I think that they've--
he says they've been
all over the universe.
They've been all
over the dimensions.
They're very good travelers
of interdimensional spaces.
So I think that's why, is
that they've seen more.
We've talked about
desensitizing.
And that's really what
it is, is that they're
desensitized to a lot of the
things that they've seen.
They've become
accustomed to them
and accept them
for what they are.
And so I think they bring it
forward into their culture.
I mean, if it's
something beneficial,
wouldn't you do that?
Of course, so I think
that's what they've done.
They're just much older
and have had more exposure.
>>EMERY: You mentioned
dimensional travel.
What more could you
tell us about this?
>>WHITNEY: Well, they say that
they do it easily and often.
And I did ask them, I said,
does that include time travel?
And they said, yes.
They do expound on that
by saying that they're not
allowed to change anything
in time because it
creates a new timeline.
And they talk about the
fact that we, too, could
be interdimensional travelers.
Because we don't have an
understanding of it right now,
that's why it eludes us.
But as soon as we get
that understanding,
we'll be able to do that too.
>>EMERY: Did they
have anything to do
scientifically with our making?
>>WHITNEY: So they
will tell you that they
don't do any DNA manipulation
because they believe in source.
They believe that source
created the species that
are supposed to be
here, and that if you
toy with something
that's perfect, then
you're running afoul of source.
So they don't do
any manipulation.
And I thought that
was an interesting way
to look at it because they
keep using the word perfection.
>>EMERY: What are the
Arcturians best known for?
>>WHITNEY: Well,
probably their healing.
They have systems and
systems of healing.
When they were here,
I broke my back.
And they were more
than willing to give me
a good healing for that.
And since that's happened, it
hasn't been bothering me at all,
whereas before, to
stand up straight
would have been
really challenging.
So I think that, yes,
they understand how
the energies work to do that.
I do a lot of healing.
I have a good understanding
of healing with energy
but not the same way
in which they do.
And they say that it's
not a manipulation
or a channeling of the healing.
They say it's a placement
of the energy in its space.
And I thought that
was an interesting--
>>EMERY: That interesting.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, right.
So that's--
>>EMERY: And within space.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, right.
And so for them,
it's a natural thing.
We just need to have
more understanding of it.
>>EMERY: I think eventually
one day we'll all have that.
>>WHITNEY: I think so, too.
>>EMERY: I think it's
a matter of time.
>>WHITNEY: Just believe.
>>EMERY: So what other
things besides healing?
>>WHITNEY: Well, they
do say that they've
played a role in providing a
means with which to resolve
conflict between other beings.
And of course, they're
a product of wars.
They admit that in
their ancient history,
they did a lot of warring.
And they say we've
evolved from that.
So I think when they
look back at everything
that happened in their past that
caused them to migrate and have
to go to other planets
and start over again,
I think they found a
resolution to that.
So now what they're trying to
do is supply that resolution.
They don't understand
why we want to have war.
They say, you're on
such a small ball.
And yet if you
explain it to them,
you say, well, it's just we
don't have the same belief
system.
And they don't understand that.
We should all have the same
belief system according to them.
And so I think that
what they try to do
is provide a means with
which to understand that.
And if that comes down
to teaching a being,
then that's what
they're going to do.
But they have
played a large part
in that they say that we've
averted wars because they've
stepped in and found a
better means with which
to resolve that.
Now what that is, I don't know.
I'm hoping that there was
a trade-off or something
because that seems to be
the way they do things,
is by trading system.
So did they provide--
if we decide not
to go to conflict,
they will trade us something.
I think that's
probably what happened.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I can see
what you said earlier
about this planet.
We're so small.
Why is everyone warring?
Because of all the
different belief systems.
And there are many different
kinds of human races
here on planet Earth.
And on other planets,
you could probably
attest to this, that
they're probably
all of that one race in that.
>>WHITNEY: So they
go back to lineage.
Lineage is so important.
But what they say is that
we're still the same race.
And so that's why we say
if you go to our website,
we tell you, on this planet, we
are one race, the human race.
We need to get to that point.
They reached it long
before we did, obviously.
They understood how
important that was.
And so we now need to
understand the same thing,
that it's very
important to be humans.
>>EMERY: Yeah, we have to
get on that trajectory.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Exactly.
>>EMERY: What is their
involvement with the humans
here on planet Earth?
>>WHITNEY: You
ever get that time
when you feel like something's
whispering in your ear?
And that's exactly
what they try to do,
is send us messages and
thoughts and try to point us
in the right direction.
And they're not going to
directly confront you and say,
this is where you should be.
What they do is it's a
matter of suggestions.
They transfer that energy to us.
I love when somebody says,
oh, I had an epiphany.
And my thought now goes to,
I bet it was an Arcturian.
Because that's
what they're doing,
is they're trying to send those
energetic messages to us to say,
look, you have to find a better
way to deal with each other.
And you need to learn how
important each of you are.
We just don't go there.
We just have these walls
built up amongst each other.
And we just don't want
to break them down.
And so I think
very much the fact
that they're trying to give
that at that energetic level
so that we internally get
the message because obviously
that'll change our
heart in some way
eventually if you
hear it enough times.
So I think that's what
they're trying to do,
is subtly come to us that
way because they're not
supposed to intervene.
So how do you get
around that loophole?
Well, there's nothing that says
that you can't telepathically
send a message.
So I think that's a lot of
what they're trying to do.
>>EMERY: So compared to other
United Galactic Federation
members, what role do they
play in within the structure?
>>WHITNEY: Well, from the
sense that I've gotten,
they are active members.
They have a lot of
different scientists
that work in the conclaves.
And they have other
types of conclaves.
It isn't just the
science conclave.
But they do have active members
that contribute to that.
I didn't get the
impression that they
want to take a governing role.
But I believe that if they
come in contact with somebody,
they're willing to contribute
to whatever that is.
I think they think of themselves
more as teachers, so to speak.
And so from my
experience with them,
it seems like every moment
is an opportunity to teach.
>>EMERY: How are
they helping humans
get to this fifth dimension?
>>WHITNEY: Well, we've
had many conversations
about higher consciousness.
Of course, they don't call
it higher consciousness.
But it's the same thing.
We put a label on it.
For them.
It's a given that that is
just a state of your being.
And then you become that.
And so a lot of the
classes that I teach now
are on state of being and
becoming because we don't
have that type of concept here.
But when it comes
to consciousness,
they believe that we
really need to work harder
to make people have
higher consciousness that
raises their frequency.
And really ultimately,
what they want us to do
is get to super
consciousness because that's
the keys to the universe.
And they say that if you want
to become part of those greater
cosmic communities, you need
to be able to understand
at that level.
And so we should be striving
to get to super consciousness.
>>EMERY: Are there
other specific traits
that the Arcturians
have that are in
common with other
extraterrestrials?
>>WHITNEY: Yes,
besides spirituality.
>>EMERY: Besides spirituality.
>>WHITNEY: The one
thing that we noted--
and they allowed us to do some
testing for-- is that they all
have enhanced eyesight.
We compare that at a 20/20,
which they find funny
because in their way of
thinking, we're fairly blind.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I'm about
to say, the funny thing
is we're a bunch of blind bats.
>>WHITNEY: So they have very--
we did some tests.
We would put markers
at distances.
And we were using 100
yards as our distancing.
And at one point,
500 yards was easy.
Then suddenly, 700
yards was just as easy.
So we realized that they
have very acute eyesight,
same with their hearing, all of
them have very acute hearing,
unlike us.
>>EMERY: You mentioned to me off
camera that the Arcturians have
a second skin for their--
could you tell us
a little bit more
about how that technology works?
>>WHITNEY: Sure.
So like the Pleiadians
and the Orions,
they have to worry about
cellular breakdown because
of the gravity here
and because of our sun.
And so their uniform
that they wear
like a second skin,
the difference
is that theirs includes
their footwear.
And what it does is it controls
the environment around them,
gives them relief
from the gravity.
I can't even envision.
I mean, you can't
explain to somebody
how the gravity
is affecting them.
But until you
actually feel it, I
don't think you would
really understand.
So that's a real
concern for them,
is that their cellular body's
being affected by the gravity.
So these suits are designed
to help counter that.
And what's fascinating
about theirs is that--
he likes to work at night.
And this thing has a
bioluminescence about it.
And I thought that
was really fascinating
because he's the only one that
I saw that his suit did that.
Now, I'm not saying that
maybe the Orions don't.
I never saw it.
But his has a
bioluminescence about it.
And I would hear him humming
in this bioluminescence.
And when he would hit certain
frequencies in the humming,
it would brighten
up, or it would dim.
>>EMERY: Oh, wow.
So it's actually
responding to it.
>>WHITNEY: So it's
responding to his body.
And I thought that
was just fascinating
that that would happen.
>>EMERY: What is the Arcturian
collective consciousness?
>>WHITNEY: All right.
So this is an interesting idea.
Let's simplify it.
It's a hive mentality,
so to speak.
In other words,
they collectively
belong to a thought process.
So all of them know
what's going on.
There's no secrets from the
time that they are children
into their elderly years.
And they have long lifespans, I
believe that their lifespan is
almost 2,000 years.
So they really share everything.
And we would look at
something and somebody
would say they have an idea.
Well, they all have the
idea, which is different.
And nobody wants to be
the author of the idea,
so to speak, in other
words, because it's
a shared collective.
And everybody
benefits from that.
And I said, well, what
happens if you disagree.
And that's a foreign
concept to them.
There's no such thing.
If an idea is born, it's
for the benefit of all.
And so that's the
way they pursue it.
That collective
consciousness, like I
say, the thing I could
equate it to is that hive.
What do bees do?
Is to serve the
entire family unit.
And so that's what
their consciousness is,
is to serve that
entire family unit.
>>EMERY: That's great.
I love it.
Are there any significant
practices or ceremonies
that you can tell us
about with the Arcturians?
>>WHITNEY: Sure.
They talk about a ritual
that towards the end of life
that they do because
like most of them,
they're collecting knowledge.
And so they do this big
ritual where everybody
is host to the knowledge.
And so they say that it's a
great, joyful time, that all
the energies are
flowing and everybody
shares in those energies.
The knowledge becomes
expanded to everybody.
And--
>>EMERY: What about this
collective cloning ceremony
that you mentioned.
>>WHITNEY: They have a
collective cloning ceremony
where--
and so it's really--
cloning is a funny
word with them.
>>EMERY: What do they use?
>>WHITNEY: In each,
in Pleiadians, Orions,
and Arcturians, I
asked about cloning
because it does sound like
that's what they're doing.
So for the Arcturians, though,
it is very much a cloning.
They start with an original
DNA pattern, so to speak.
And it goes back to
their original lineage
instead of taking something
that has been generated
over hundreds of generations.
It's like making a copy
of a copy of a copy.
They don't do that.
They go back to that
original lineage.
And they clone off
of that original DNA.
And so what they're
saying is that they
have a pure lineage at hand.
And so--
>>EMERY: And they
stayed with that.
>>WHITNEY: And they
And so that's really
different than the Pleiadians
and the Orions in that way.
And it's a very
ceremonial thing for them.
They talk about
making sure that--
so they have multiple moons.
And they talk about
bringing the moons.
They have to be in
alignment in order--
>>EMERY: For that to work.
>>WHITNEY: --for
it to be working.
So I thought that was just--
I think it's a wonderful
way to look at life.
>>EMERY: So what
other unique things
that you've learned from the
Arcturians with communication?
>>WHITNEY: Well, one of the
original things they have is
what they call light
communication, which
is interesting.
We're used to frequencies or
verbal communication, things
like that.
But this is a light
language that they speak.
>>EMERY: Light language.
>>WHITNEY: A light language.
>>EMERY: I like that.
>>WHITNEY: And very unusual.
I can't do it.
He spent a lot of time
trying to teach me.
I think I need to have
more of a knowledge base
before I would learn
how to do that.
But this is a way in which
they communicate when
they're not with other beings.
In other words, it's entirely
within their community.
They call it a more soulful
way of communicating because it
deals with their spirit level.
And it is energy to energy
instead of vehicle to vehicle,
so to speak.
And I thought it
was very fascinating
because he would practice it
on one of the others, Pleiadian
or Orion.
And they would not
respond in that way.
And I think it's because they
don't-- they may have a light
language of their own.
But it's not the
same as this one.
And it was very
fascinating to watch.
And I could actually
see as he did it,
he began to glow differently.
I would see these auras
about him and very touching
way to communicate.
>>EMERY: Because it
is harmonic still.
But I know photons and
light are frequency too.
>>WHITNEY: Exactly.
>>EMERY: What I was trying
to get across to the audience
is that verbalization of that
light language is the light.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, it's the
transfer of the light.
>>EMERY: And in harmonics.
>>WHITNEY: And so
like I say, it's
very much that more
spirit to spirit
rather than vehicle to vehicle.
It goes just so much deeper.
And it's beautiful sounding.
>>EMERY: It is.
So beautiful.
>>WHITNEY: Like I say,
I would love to do it.
>>EMERY: It's another
step above Sanskrit
when you're doing your mantras.
It's just so pretty.
>>WHITNEY: And
according to Koh Ni Dah,
this is the real way in which
they touch their source.
And it is light to light.
>>EMERY: Its connection, right?
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
>>EMERY: I got it.
What is the most thing
you value about Arcturians
that you can tell us?
What's their most outstanding
quality you would say?
>>WHITNEY: Well,
what's interesting is
we want to make connections.
And while the
Pleiadian are there
and they're communicating with
us and they're including us,
I never felt that there
was a direct connection,
same with the Orions.
I never felt that there
was a direct connection.
They're more than
happy to speak with us
and include us in
what they're doing
and different things like that.
But I never felt that
real direct connection.
With the Arcturians, I felt
that direct connection.
I mean, I felt them
touch my spirit.
And it's such an
unusual feeling.
I don't know how you can't be
elated when something happens
like that, because it takes
you to the next level of what
it really means to be alive.
And so I think that's
the one thing that I
appreciated about them, is that
they were willing to share that.
I can't see us going
someplace to another being
that we don't
understand and saying,
here, let me make this
direct connection with you.
We're more cautious than that.
So I appreciated
the fact that he
was willing to make
that connection
and to share that
essence of himself
so that I could have
an understanding.
>>EMERY: And that took time.
>>WHITNEY: It did.
Yeah, it didn't
happen the first year.
We were well into
the second year
before he decided that
he could trust, I guess.
I don't know if it
comes down to trust.
But there was something
which he felt that we
could make that connection.
>>EMERY: Victoria,
do you ever feel
like a child around
these beings?
I mean, they're so advanced.
And you're learning every
day something from them.
They're learning from you too.
>>WHITNEY: In the beginning
when we first met them, I mean,
they sought us out.
It wasn't the other way around.
They walked in and said, I
followed the gold light to you.
You're supposed to help us.
Now, when somebody walks
up, and at that point,
we thought they were
homeless because that's
what they looked like.
And we help homeless
people all the time,
so this wasn't anything
out of the ordinary.
But once they revealed
why they were there
and what they were
expecting from us-- so
when we started off, the
Andromedans very much
acted superior.
And I only got one-word
answers out of them.
And I was like, what's
wrong with this picture?
How am I going to learn
anything if they're not
going to contribute?
But at some point, Zendor,
who was the commander,
went and talked to them.
And then when they came
back the next time,
they seemed to be
contributing in a conversation
and everything.
I think I had to
earn that trust.
I think I had to earn
that I could understand.
And we got into a lot of
scientific discussions.
And I was able to carry my
side of the load with it.
So I think that eventually
they said, oh, wait a minute.
We might be able to move forward
with a better relationship.
So it wasn't right off the bat
that everything was copacetic
and we're all pals.
That didn't happen.
I had to earn that.
And they've had experiences with
very intelligent people here
that still they would have
treated them the same way.
They would have made
you earn the right
to be within their working unit.
And so eventually,
we got to that point.
And I'm thankful that we did.
But I hear people that are
experiencers all the time.
They don't get a
chance to experience it
from that point of view
because usually it's
different circumstances.
So what I'm hoping is that
as they get to know us more--
I'm hoping we get to
work with them again--
that they will learn that
we're capable of that,
that we can move forward,
that we can learn
what unconditional love is and
we can give it just as well,
and that they'll be able
to talk to us at that level
and include us as part
of their community.
So that's my hope for us.
I mean, that's what Omnicron
Commonwealth is about,
is uniting people
together and saying, look,
there's a bigger
community out there.
We need to become part of it.
>>EMERY: You're doing it.
>>WHITNEY: I'm trying.
[LAUGHS]
>>EMERY: So what do you see
their role being played out
in an open contact scenario?
>>WHITNEY: Well, I
think they're cautious.
>>EMERY: They got the brakes on.
>>WHITNEY: They've
got the brakes on.
They've had some instances where
they've talked about they've not
had good contacts before.
>>EMERY: Is it because we're
not at a conscious level
yet for that to happen?
>>WHITNEY: Right.
I think that's a lot of it.
And I think that people
tend to panic over
things they don't understand.
And when we become
panicked, we do things.
We react in ways that we
probably shouldn't do.
And so I think they've
experienced a lot of that.
They've talked about people
taking shots at them.
And I thought, wow.
I don't know that I would
recall an instance where
that would be a necessity.
But it's because people
don't understand.
And they get scared.
And that they've taken
a more cautious way
of introducing themselves.
They look for people
like I said when
we talked about the
navigator showing us
the hologram with a
map and everything.
If you come across
as a gold energy,
it means that you're a
high enough frequency.
And so they're more than willing
to interface with that being.
If you're down there, there's
a lot of blue on that map.
And that's what they're saying,
is that these individuals
are not awake.
And so they don't see themselves
dropping in and knocking
on the door and saying, hey,
we'd like to communicate.
So I think that's
really important, is
that they are being cautious.
In the greater cosmos,
we're considered barbarians.
>>EMERY: Right, we are.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah.
And we didn't earn that lightly.
So I think that
knowing that, they're
taking a more cautious
approach to getting to know us.
>>EMERY: Do you
think they believe
we could actually do more harm
if we went amongst the stars?
>>WHITNEY: I think that
they believe that we don't
have controls on our emotions.
And I think that they believe
that we would react more
negatively than positively.
>>EMERY: I could see that.
We're doing it right now.
>>WHITNEY: Exactly.
And so I think
that they think we
need to learn how to control
that first before we really
jump into the primary
of a community.
>>EMERY: Well, we got
a lot of work to do.
>>WHITNEY: Indeed.
>>EMERY: Victoria,
I want to thank you
for being on the show today.
>>WHITNEY: Oh, well, I
was so happy to be here.
And I appreciate you giving
me such great questions
to communicate that
to everyone out there.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]